hello and welcome to another planet
destiny exotic armor review today we'll
be taking a look at the new exotic
hunter boots the bones of a Oh at least
that's how I think they're pronounced
the perks are as follows heavy weapon
ammo increase the amount of heavy weapon
ammunition you can carry and the main
other perk is not bound by law upgrades
double jump with an additional jump so
not bound by law is actually a pretty
interesting perk it pretty much upgrades
all of your hunter jumps except blink
with an additional jump this does
include triple jump so normal double
jump is now triple jump and triple jump
is now quadruple jump if you want to get
the absolute most distance I found that
using triple jump with these boots will
allow you to jump the furthest and going
higher jump will allow you to go just a
little bit higher than triple jump again
using these boots with blink won't
change anything about blink so in PvE
the boots of AO are an interesting
choice
while they completely lack any offensive
type perk like the other hunter exotics
they make up for it with the addition of
extreme mobility the hallmark of the
hunter has always been moving quickly
and being generally hard to hit due to
such mobility but in PvE these boots
while enabling you to get to some
interesting places aren't entirely
practical if you're venturing into the
depths of raid like crotas and then go
ahead and equip these since mobility has
always been a huge thing in that
particular raid even some prison of
elders encounters are easier if you're
able to be a little bit more mobile or
just jump a little bit higher to some
new platform the aux fleurs lava
encounter is one that immediately
springs to mind for me when it's time to
get down to business though you
generally want an exotic that will help
you kill things which is why the other
exotics like the a Clea phage celestial
Nighthawk and match to the third man and
even keppra sting are going to be more
valuable in a group setting for so we'll
play and patrols or just messing around
in some story missions then sure throw
these on and go not jumping around so
outside of these select encounters just
roll with the exotic that you currently
use
fortunately they do have pure discipline
which is always a good stat to roll with
in any PvE situation and like most boots
worth collecting they have a plus heavy
ammo on
and by pvp is where these boots can
start to make an impact triple jump on a
gunslinger is already pretty difficult
to anticipate and can lead to some
interesting encounters if you play your
cards right I have sometimes bluffed
jumping off a place then looking like I
was gonna just suicide when in fact I
jump right back up and take out the now
unsuspecting enemy now with these boots
I can gain a bit more height and a bit
more control or just add an additional
jump to my already powerful triple jump
again jumping is only as useful as the
player who initiates it so your mileage
will most certainly vary unfortunately
you will be surrendering some
undoubtably powerful other exotics just
so you can jump a third or fourth time
so you'd better hope that said extra
bout is actually going to change your
game you can always bounce around just
like Tigger just for fun as the cursor
Bowl can be that too and when games get
slow for me I will sometimes play the
floor is lava and try to maintain a
positive kdr at the same time so I'll
probably put these boots on in those
situations overall these boots are
definitely worth getting since they do
have their select uses in both PvE and
PvP for PvE they're really only going to
be useful in a few places like a rocks
and prison of elders and some of the
Fallen areas that require extra mobility
when dismantling mines for PvP it'll
largely be based on what type of player
you are if you find yourself jumping and
using weapons with the icarus perk then
sure these might benefit you but if
you're someone who generally keeps their
feet on the ground for the most part
then you might just pass these up next
time desert happens to sell them I hope
you found this video helpful this has
been Patrick Casey with planet destiny
your guide to the Destiny universe
you